Allow marking stubs as partial (#10157)
python/typeshed: CONTRIBUTING.md

* `upload` (optional): This field is set to `false` to prevent automatic
  uploads to PyPI. This should only used in special cases, e.g. when the stubs
  break the upload.
* `partial_stub` (optional): This field is used to let stub_uploader know whether
  to distribute a type stub package as
  [partial](https://peps.python.org/pep-0561/#partial-stub-packages). This is for

>   3rd-party stubs that don't cover the entirerity of the package's public API.

Author: ```suggestion
  3rd-party stubs that don't cover the entirety of the package's public API.
```

> * `partial_stub` (optional): This field is used to let stub_uploader know whether
>   to distribute a type stub package as
>   [partial](https://peps.python.org/pep-0561/#partial-stub-packages). This is for
>   3rd-party stubs that don't cover the entirety of the package's public API.
>   In most cases, this field follows `stubtest_requirements`.

Reviewer: Did you mean `ignore_missing_stub`? I would also not mention the stub uploader as that is mostly irrelevant for usual contributors. Also maybe word it as "... is identical to ..." Otherwise it sounds a bit as if this field must be placed after the other field physically.

```suggestion
* `partial_stub` (optional): This field marks the type stub package as
  [partial](https://peps.python.org/pep-0561/#partial-stub-packages). This is for
  3rd-party stubs that don't cover the entirety of the package's public API.
  In most cases, this field is identical to `ignore_missing_stub`.
```

(Sidenote: I just noticed that we document neither `ignore_missing_stub` nor `stubtest_requirements` in `CONTRIBUTING`.)

Author: oops thanks.
